now King Zedekiah the son of Josiah
rained instead of Kanaya the son of
Jehovah kanessa king of Babylon made
King in the land of Judah but neither he
nor his servants nor the people of the
land gave heed to the words of the Lord
which he spoke by the Prophet Jeremiah
and tzedakah the king sent chief Yuko
the son of shell Amaya and Zephaniah the
son of mayor seer the priest to the
Prophet Jeremiah pray now to the Lord
our God for us our Jeremiah was coming
and going among the people for they had
not yet put him in prison then Pharaoh's
army came up from Egypt and when the
Chaldeans who were besieging Jerusalem
heard news of them they departed from
Jerusalem when the word of the Lord came
to the Prophet Jeremiah thus says the
Lord the God of Israel thus you shall
say to the king of Judah who sent you to
me to inquire of me behold Pharaoh's
army which has come up to help you will
return to Egypt to their own land and
the Chaldeans shall come back and fight
against this city and take it and burn
it with fire thus says the Lord do not
deceive yourself saying the Chaldeans
will surely depart from us for they will
not depart for though you had defeated
the whole army of the Chaldeans who
fight against you and there remained
only wounded men among them they would
rise up every man in his tent and burn
the city with fire and it happened when
the army of the Chaldeans left the siege
of Jerusalem for fear of Pharaohs army
that Jeremiah went out of Jerusalem to
go into the land of Benjamin to claim
his property there among the people and
when he was in the gate of Benjamin a
captain of the guard was there whose
name was I Roger the son of Shella Meyer
the son of Hananiah and he sees Jeremiah
the Prophet
you are defecting to the Chaldeans false
I am NOT defecting to the Chaldeans but
he did not listen to him
so I Roger sees Jeremiah and brought him
to the princess therefore the princes
were angry with Jerry and they struggled
and put him in prison in the house of
Jonathan described before they had made
that the prison when Jeremiah entered
the dungeon and the cells and Jeremiah
had remained there many days then
Zedekiah the king sent and took him out
the King asked him secretly in his house
is there any word from the Lord there is
you shall be delivered into the hand of
the king of Babylon what offense have I
committed against you against your
servants or against this people that you
have put me in prison where now are your
prophets who prophesied to you saying
the king of Babylon will not come
against you or against this land
therefore please hear now all my lord
the king please let my petition be
accepted before you and do not make me
return to the house of Jonathan the
scribe
lest I die there then Zedekiah the king
commanded that they should commit
Jeremiah to the court of the prison and
that they should give him daily a piece
of bread from the Baker Street until all
the bread in the city was gone
thus jeremiah remained in the court of
the prison
[Music]